1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
*              - Expression
'hello'        - Expression
-87.8          - Value
-              - Expression
/              - Expression
+              - Expression
6              - Value


2. What is the difference between string and variable?
  A Variable is a store of information, and a String is a type of information you would store in a Variable. 
  A String is usually words, enclosed with ".

3. Describe three different data types.
  Numberic Data type : It is used to store values that are numbers or numberic in nature. E.g., int, float
  String Data type : It is used to store values that are strings whicha are enclosed with double quotes("). E.g., 
  List Data type : It is used to store a list values like array. It stores list of values which are represented by indexes

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
  Expression are a combination of values, variables, and operators that the interpreter can evaluate to a single value.

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
  A statement in Python is used for creating variables or for displaying values. The expression in Python produces some value or result after being
  interpreted by the Python interpreter.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1

23

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam' --- spamspamspam
'spam' * 3  --- spamspamspam

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
  While eggs is a string 100 is a value. A variable cannot be value in itself. So , eggs is valid variable while 100 is not

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
version of a value?
   add int , float and str should be used to get a integer, floating-point number , string respectively.

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten' + 99 + 'burritos.'

In this expression it has numerical and string together. Adding a single quote(') to 99 will solve the error. '99'
